Before before clarifying the last thing
I wanted to put this to people because I know
that a lot of people are going to be watching this and are going to
be very aware of what they say no
And then
[Music]
the sanctuary game man that's there that
we always forget the
sanctuary game I'm going to be leaving it in the
description okay also it received
a new update today and it's
really cool we've been playing it and I know
that there are a lot of kids now watching
this that play fortnite it's free eh I
mean this is not asking for money or anything like that let's
see if they're going to attack us
by asking for money that it's
very cool Also it's really cool we've
been here playing and it's very good I was
going to ask you about this issue that I already
denied it you something else eh some lists came out
also saying that you were
while you were in jail you
were deleting videos like yes it's that of
course I've only seen but yes I've
said it many times there are videos there
when I make a video of something that is not
about animals and I put it  the
next day I put it in private or for
my members I only want the
channel to have
videos of animals that are publicly seen, not controversial ones and such,
then I suppose I must have
put those in private or in or in Well it's not that it's that the
worst thing It's not that it's that
when I saw it I said of course it says here jav
oliveira attacked by a snake I say
why is he going to remove that video I left and you
have the video or rather and almost all
the videos that are there in the list
are on the public channel I don't I haven't
gone to look at everything in particular
but when yesterday I suddenly started to I
get a lot of people
looking at the gossip and they said he
has deleted videos he has deleted videos if I'm not there if I don't delete videos it does the host no no there but what I do is that many times I put them in private or for members automatically because I don't want those things to come out in there are
some that there are some that are for
members you have to be a member of the
Sanctuary Channel the
Fran channel to see it but
[Music] I
don't know if there are any deleted but  ads you
see that but they are those things of
you I at that moment we are not going I was
in a cell and they are deleting
videos who the [ __ ] is going to be thinking
of deleting videos while I am in a
cell but you think that the police
if they do not have to look at videos they have
looked at them before coming here and that I
understand or rather they have already looked at everything I mean
but if they
asked me what Diego said they
were looking for they asked me as soon as they arrived as soon as they
arrived and I say Look, well, look Also
Paloma told you that she was on
the table I always have her for that reason
and they arrived such look Ah well correct and
something else I say Come with me that you are going to
see the other Because here it is for
protection all these things I do not say
look such Ah well Well come on let's get to the
subject of the animals that is I mean that it
pisses me off a lot it pisses me off a lot
but but that's it I mean
and more things are coming more things are
coming more things are coming more stories
because it has gotten out of hand eh I
just hope they stop because they are
leaving
too many traces too many faces let's not
unless they do not care that it is them
but  come on very shameless no and well that's it
no
and there are people like I tell you there are people who
say it's not this one it's the other one it's him it's so and so I
know who it is I know who Who
the people are I know who this
group is
eh that has me there are people who have
surprised me because I didn't think
it fit, man there are some who
are mu Fer that could have that
could have a relationship between for
example otter and cap and these and capybara
or kangaroo like between otter between
nut otter and kangaroo yes it's more normal
between otter and
suric I don't know who is who in your
otter is otter but the guys I don't know
but it has surprised me a lot because I get
really angry with these things
I would have left In that sense I know
that you want to appease and I hope it is like that
but I have no strength I have no
strength seeing things It's
making me sick because since now no one has been me
put now no one has been damn it's that I do
n't give it and I really from
here if I have hurt someone I
ask for forgiveness but
but it doesn't give it to me I don't have the strength  Man, there are
too many fronts at once, I'm not coming from
a very good moment physically and
damn I'm trying to calm everything down as
best as I can, you know, I mean,
and I can't afford to get into this [ __ ],
no, it's already there, no, they can't
stop it, even if they wanted to, it can't be
stopped, I mean, it can't be
stopped eh Yes, it can, things are going to come, they're going to come
Air, they're going to come yes,
what's coming can be stopped, it can be
stopped with lawyers and with and with trouble and
with money paying it's absurd to have to
spend all this money when it
costs you so much to get it, but it
means that
if you shoot 10 shots, five will
appear
and there's still something left to appear, some
[ __ ], some complaint, I
don't know what, man, I don't know what. And it makes me
very sad, I'm very sad
because with time,
many of these
people are not going to live in peace or
quiet or whatever because they are going to
realize that they have done a lot of
damage, a lot of damage, I mean, a lot of damage, a lot of damage, a
lot of damage, I mean, I'm not going to get
out of this the same way I was  6
months ago I'm not going out it's going to turn out
different maybe a worse person or maybe a
better person I don't
know but this
anguish That it's not daily it's minute
to minute this anguish I'm telling you
when I see the car that arrives this
morning this with it is anguish but And
now that I've been here for 17 years I've never ever
had a problem I
mean I've never even been taken to a
police station for a complaint for anything
ever And look how easy it is with my mouth and
my movies and my nonsense Look how
easy it was to have gotten into trouble never How come
now all of a sudden everything all of a
sudden everything all everything all I mean not even at
the police station they believed it I mean because they
couldn't imagine I say but it's that
all of a sudden all these
police cars came to us they brought you when they had already
left the next day no and
we were like but what have you done have you
killed someone in a fight or something they didn't
know what the [ __ ] had happened when of
no it's that he has animals of course they
said [ __ ] of course he has animals I mean
then it
hurts what I say it was always
necessary Maybe for someone it was
necessary
But well  That's it, I'm not going to try to
hurt anyone on purpose ever again.